I'm down the doors for 6 i'm going to
show you my prized a new collection and
like no bond tour thing and my two
brothers i got from 11 bro collector so
I was tested for you and this is rayne
shimmer but just call her reign she is
actually at the wagon so I'm using her
I'm in my upcoming series I'm debuts
horse hey Mia and this is some sunshine
she's really cute i love hurt a bit she
was my first ride a set but I've
actually lost the rider with the wagon
came this um Ryder this little dog and
some other things and two other horses
but I've given them both away this is
patch from The Saddle Club I have lost
that way well I'm Val I customized her
because she had lots of scratches but
internet very good and Prancer she broke
her leg so yeah um extra bucks dollar in
a patch though but I'm going to get
Prancer soon this is sand storm it used
to be called sandy but I changed it to a
boy cuz it is a boy and here we have the
Apple he's so pretty he's really curly
shuffle she's so cute here we have angel
she's the pervy and Peruvian peso and
she's really nice anything I'm a bit
worried about is your leg but I mean
it's a little bit bad but I thought
that's what simply like here we have a
little pasture very little um yes right
he dated your little um this is
starlight from the Santa club I real
that the Andorian sauce is really cute
and this is her speranza Esperanza she's
um from the mother full pack I'm not got
before a minute cuz it's at my friend's
house so yeah she's gonna she and her
phone's going to be in the series as
well
and in the stable we have I actually did
long walk on this table the overnight i
used a lot of tape to lick because we
weren't very sturdy kept like wobbling
and it still does a bit like here I need
some more and under at the bottom it's
like got loads of tape on it now because
I'm gonna buy some soldiers for this
table and then like feedback some things
but it's going to be hard time to feed
back somewhere loves I'll find some of
them in this stall we have three she's
really pretty she's the Arabian it's
such I made to remembe she's actually
stallion and the next doll and we have
um honeysuckles she's so so so pretty
and yeah I just love her she's like my
favorite she's my favorite and she's
like my fifth one so she's like she was
my first like well no she was like yeah
she was my fifth one and oh yeah and so
i'll show you the new additions this is
and the one that 101 for our clutches
she customized it and he is so pretty so
so so so pretty he's got really good
shading like here and everywhere and i
have called him and I actually don't
know what I'm gonna call him but he's
real nice move in here we have the
minning anyone she's so pretty I called
her see so yeah and thank you for these
so so much and and if anyone has any
back if I were more sir statements
custom I think I think you should go to
her she's so cool yeah I try writing a
name on it like gypsy moving from my
mubarak lecture by what their name like
but we went wrong so underneath the
different color so yeah and thank you
for watching to see
FYI i might as well put a video up and
as i have not put one up in a while so
bye